---
title: April 28, 2020
date: 2020-04-28
slug: april-28-2020

---
### Fixed

* Orders: under "Order Item" - when a user clicked "Void" a empty modal displayed.
* Inventory: A user could set a negative number in "Actual QTY" when using "Subtract Inventory"
* Orders: Add to an existing Invoice" button was not clickable during the Reconcile process.
* Users: When adding a new user, the drop-down list "Default location"  doesn't open when a user tries to change location.
* Vendors: "My List" counter doesn't update when user deletes already added vendor via "Edit" button.
* Orders:  When Reconciling the "Currency" drop-down list is bigger than the appeared area with this drop-down. 
* Vendors: The "A-Z" drop-down list is bigger than "Search" field on Vendors page.
* Inventory: The "Locations" drop-down list appears in the unexpected position when the user scrolls the page.
* Orders: The user should be able to see and delete added filters (Product Name, Location, Placed).
* Registration: "Back" button doesn't work on the second step of registration
* Marketplace: Hide "Request Product" button from the Marketplace tab
* Marketplace: Hide the "Broaden Search" button from Marketplace page and on Inventory page
* Reports: The "employee" names were not appearing in the down drop box in reports.
* Inventory:  When a user is creating a new Inventory Group - if the click on "add a custom product" on Step 1 - the "Home" page opens
* Inventory: When user in Stock Count chooses "Shrink/Overage" after trying to "Move" some QTY to another location - additional "Current QTY" field appears
* Marketplace: An empty page appears when user tries to add a product to My Marketplace from Global Marketplace
* Inventory: An empty page appears when a user tries to add a custom product during creation of a new Inventory group
* Vendor: A user sees an empty page when they try to edit "added vendor"

### Updates

* Marketplace: The two new options were added under "Action" if the product is NOT custom. "Add Vendor" and "Edit Packaging"
* Marketplace: A Tool-tip is added if someone is a Mari's List client and they add a product from Global that has a "Club Price" - "The pricing provided is for reference only and may be incorrect"

### New